Update issue templates with community information (#6)
pulumi/.github: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/0-bug-report.md

---

> ## Hello!

Reviewer: @lukehoban Do we need this prelude? It seems this would be common knowledge to anybody interacting with GitHub. Feels like it just adds noise without any value.

<!-- Please leave this section as-is, it's designed to help others in the community know how to interact with our GitHub issues. -->

> - Please feel free to vote on this issue by adding a 👍 reaction; this helps the Pulumi team prioritize this request
> - If you're interested in contributing a fix for this issue, please leave a comment (and a link to your pull request, if you've opened one already)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Vote on this issue by adding a 👍 reaction
- To contribute a fix for this issue, leave a comment
```

don't feel strongly other than if we keep it short we have a better chance that folks will read it

Author: ```suggestion
- Vote on this issue by adding a 👍 reaction
- To contribute a fix for this issue, leave a comment (and link to your pull request, if you've opened one already)
```
